Increase disk size for repository machine [#1640] (#1768)
epiphany-platform/epiphany: CHANGELOG-0.8.md

### Fixed

- [#1754](https://github.com/epiphany-platform/epiphany/issues/1754) - Fix Vault installation for setup without K8s

> - [#1640](https://github.com/epiphany-platform/epiphany/issues/1640) - Default disk size for repository machine increased to 64gb for both aws and azure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1640](https://github.com/epiphany-platform/epiphany/issues/1640) - Default disk size for repository machine increased to 64 GB (AWS and Azure)
```
